foreign [Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] hello hello and welcome back to Lady
Babylon Wednesday night bible study tonight I'm gonna take us somewhere
dirty I'm gonna take us somewhere where we're gonna get that stuff on our feet
we're gonna follow one of the strongest women in all time yeah we're gonna
follow her to a specific point and she has been maligned and belittled and turned into a servant of a man
she was not um and we're also going to talk about Medea and we're going to look at a
specific incantation she performs we're going to see her actually working the
right so that you can see the functioning of a mystery fantastic that's what we that's what we
come for to harvest is that goodies yes that's tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
we've got a couple of real nice clips for you that we're going to look at that
will help too thoroughly brainwash you fantastic love
it welcome back tonight we're going to go someplace a lot of people go but they
go with the intention of demeaning they go as racist
or people who want to put people in cages that's how they end up there how
are we getting there in the Bible put the brakes on ship's almost there that's why he tossed them so that he can
distract him from the fact that we're taking a trip and tonight we're going to
Samaria we're going to look at Jesus we're going to see
we're gonna see Gangsta G we're going to see what he was doing he was getting
away from the Heat down in Jerusalem he's traveling up north
in order to get there he's got to cross over to Samaria he's got a crossover Samaria yeah so
he's been traveling he comes across a well and he sits himself down
and this lady walks up this lady walks up and he orders her
to give him a drink he doesn't say Gangsta G doesn't say please
Gangsta G doesn't say excuse me Madam
do you have some water Gangsta G says
give me water yeah now this woman this woman who was
there what does she pull out
she says listen you racist foreign what are you doing talking to me
what are you doing talking to me everybody knows
that you don't mix with us yeah that you look on us as inferior
right remember this is the woman taking the orders
from a culture where women took orders yeah this is where that man is coming
from he's coming from a culture that orders women around she's not having any of it she tells him right up front this
is the greatest passage that nobody has ever bothered to clarify
nobody has ever played it can you smell the air you feel that dirt
yeah yeah forget the fairy tale this is not the fairy tale this is not for those who are
wanting to partake of the Holy hymn yeah hit that hit that this is not for us
this is not for us
foreign this is a place where we look at the
details the reason the reason and the first thing she does to him this woman first thing she does
she points out I'm a woman bro I'm a woman number one you misogynist and
number two I'm a Samaritan it was my family I came here it was my
family yeah so we have a right away we have this you know kind of conflict going on
kind of conflict going on I'm going to show you the Greek in a second but Jesus pulls out at that point what does
he do man he's lounging on their well yeah what does he do he's Gangsta G you
know what he tells her you know what he tells her
he tells her I'm sorry my people are a bunch of racists would you oblige me do we have somewhere
no he didn't say that he didn't say that Jesus didn't say that Gangsta G said you
know who I am you know who I am
you know who I am yeah I want to run a little clip for you I
want to look at Gangsta G see Jesus Christ for who he was he was a
man arrested in a public park with a naked boy when you go to drink of his
blood and eat of his flesh you are promoting a rapist pedophile your institutions are
the institutions of rapist pedophiles [Music]
so he's getting in on it he's going in on a racial question he's going to talk
about superiority with this lady you want to know who I am you want to know
who I am and what does he do he turns right to his meth
as you would expect as you would expect a
child prostitution ring leading
demagogue who gets caught in public parks with naked children he does exactly
he does exactly what you would expect he pulls out his drug he pulls out the
thing that keeps everybody going right and you can see it in his drug
adult face you can see it he's like I'll give it to you
you could have asked me I'll tell you who I am you want to know who gangster G is he says I'm the guy that can get you
the Water of Life Water of Life
Water of Life That's what I'm going to give you and what do you get with the Water of Life Jesus because we're all
school children in the grounds we're just watching this guy standing outside the playground dealing his drugs right
giving this woman a hard time he says I'll get you the Water of Life
do you know what the Water of Life is Water of Life will give you
ionic vision it gives you that ionic life it opens
your eyes it opens your eyes it'll send you into the edamame it's
powerful stuff and it's got aphrodisiacs in it and that's why we have little children
all over the New Testament little children getting touched
little children getting scandalized little children ended up in towns this
guy has so many naked children around them have you ever wondered who showed
up who showed up at his tomb I shot up with his Tim yeah women
women who they called prostitutes yeah
women he was constantly trying to keep him safe and they knew Jesus was associated with the prostitutes he's got
something going on if we're in an investigation about why that naked boy
was with him in a public park we gotta know that he's performing pimp-like protections
for these women they show up it is it is death they show up and there's a kid
there inside is Tim before this group can even get to him we know the Bible
tells us they he's not associate of prostitutes and accountants right so he's got something going on
Peter's not the only one who's knocking off people for cash right
right he's not the only one he knows how this act Works he's not the only one who's immune to the Venoms
right these guys have the Venoms on board this is some major major stuff and
this Samaritan woman who steps up and steps into the breach
she stands against his racism because you know what you know why the Jews and the Samaritans fight
because the Samaritans worship a woman isn't that some they worship a woman
nobody saw that was a smart woman we have christianized her we've taken that Samaritan womb we have
christianized her you'll hear people preaching from the pulpit you will hear feminists talk about her and that we
have completely certified Her Image completely
this is a woman who worships a woman you're not going to tell me to get you water you got water alive yeah show me
show me I you think you're the Christos is that what you think and there's
something lovely that happens in the middle of this conversation right she says she says to him in the
Greek right you thank you that one let me see us
right the one they call Christos
right that was the name the Messiah wasn't the name for the dude within the
right the Christ was the name for the dude and the Samaritan points it out why because she worships the lady who's the
head of everything who brings you that burning purple right she brings you that ionic life you
think Jesus came on the scene and just made the stuff up right you think just X knee hello
do you really believe the fairy tale can we have some fairy tale music please little fairy tale chewy hit it
[Music]
there she is there she is in the fairy tale yeah with Jesus yeah turns out gangster
G comes up brings his brand up to them he brings it up he's like
I'll get you water life you'll be sitting in a you'd be sitting in a tomb for three days
totally gone yeah yeah we'll bring you out of it and what you
bring back with you will open your eyes open your eyes Jesus Christ
was a child selling drug peddling
cult leader former of a mystery
the source of which goes all the way back to the Bronze Age
yeah but here he is doing his own function man he's out there flying on
his own juice right right fantastic let's Chewie hit that uh
clip number two hit that clip number two what happens what happens to this
process if we let it keep working it's mold to me to hear that because I heard
that for eight years after Revolution you know same stuff that Russian Russia and spot basically
rapaganda that was translated in Russia is the same thing people who are anti-ukraine repeat in other countries
including America and you know pretty much everyone I would say so this whole
thing about LGBT which by the way nothing wrong in supporting LGBT but uh
yeah but it's not something that justifies an invasion but um but they just use I would say in
Russia LGBT as a boogeyman basically so for them it's a an example of like a
western degeneracy I apologize if it sounds rude but that's how they call it so for them
oh [Music]
foreign [Music]
do you know who I am do you know who I am I'm the guy who can
come into town I've got minions these millions will write laws about you
yeah gangster G angster G that woman at the well stood up against
him face Toe to Toe toe-to-toe she wasn't afraid of him just like Anastasia is not afraid of
Gangsta pee yeah look at what they're trying to do you say hey this is political I've set a
single political thing not a single this is not politics this is history at
present this is history at present pull yourself out and look at what's going on don't
join a club just look at what's going on yeah it's coming Gangsta p is coming
I want to shift now and I want to move to a little bit of incantation to bring
you to a place let's go let's ever bring it back in the ship I'll take a drink of tea we'll set the time now for late
Bronze Age put the settings Chewie on uh
on some cult and let's look at what she's doing let's look at what Medea
herself is doing now one whose Spirit are we sucking up along the way right because we're necromancers whose Spirit
we're going to grab Seneca we're gonna grab the guy that was advising Nero
the guy who had the access to the collection yeah yeah it turns out the Emperors were
keeping collections of scrolls with ancient knowledge on them yeah a lot of
pharmacological stuff too a lot of cult Nero comes in and gives us
a ritual performance yeah Seneca
peers into this ritual performance Nero supplies the drugs through his arch Mage
yeah his arch yatras right his head doctor I said Doctor Who
has got access to the formula right we've been here I showed you the documents you've seen this stuff right
you know you guys know where we are we need to go into that Dark Harbor in order to do that we're going to pull out
Seneca and I just want to read you a little bit of Seneca I just want you to um relax and enjoy I'm gonna put my
glasses on and we're going to see cult for the first time it might get it might get a little dark
it might get a little bit PG-13 rated
um but we're going to take a look this is Medea she says I loosened my hair from its
bands after the manner of my people with bare feet if I trod the secret
Groves and called forth rain from dry clouds
okay get a picture of her and who she is okay get a picture we need to look at
that Sita that scythian Queen we need to take a
look at her you know surrounded by her Medusa
fantastic I have driven the Seas back to their lowest depths and the ocean is Tides out
done has sent his crushing waves further into the land this is the woman who stands this is the woman who stands
and in like manner with Heaven's law confounded the world has seen both sun
and stars together and you you Bears have bathed in the
Forbidden sea the order of the seasons I've changed the summer land has blossomed beneath my
magic song and by my compelling Series has seen harvest in winter time
fossus the river has turned his Swift Waters backwards to their source
one of the rivers of the four that surrounded edem
edem in mirror magic Adam is the medwa
yeah fantastic those four rivers ran out everywhere
those of you thinking about the garden you should be
wonderful excellent the waves have roared the Mad sea
swelled so the winds were still the heart of the ancient Woods has lost its
Shadows when the bright day has come back to them a commandment of my voice
yeah waucus imperio May idea reducto
it's a beautiful line in Latin now by the command Of My Voice by my
voices Imperium days LED back
do you see how unnatural this is right it is that female voice standing
against the order against it yes it's gorgeous gorgeous love it love
it love it Phoebus has halted in midheaven that's the sun right TheBus is halted in
midheaven and the Heidi's move by my incantation toner to their fall the hours at hand o Phoebe
for your sacred rides this is Medea who is speaking to Phoebe
who is um in two senses the britomart
yeah she is that artemisian or that
dianic Force yes yes
she is also the lucifera
the lucifera yeah the bringer of that light the
bringer of dawn we see in this invocation um we also talk about
the attributes that are given to Aphrodite and people say we're invoking hecatee
here we very much are we very much are but when you look at the epithets that are used for hecatee
when you look at the images that are used for hackity and then you cross those with foosis
urania they called her um they are the same and the culmination is in the line
Medusa she is the one who guards
the air water in the Earth
she is that one who guards all of those Realms all of those angles of existence
we're talking about the quantum and the fact that you can't observe something without changing it
yeah the fact that you can't observe something without changing it
yeah yeah let's continue
let's get into the into the right let's see what she's actually doing to you I
offer these wreaths rot with bloody hands Earth and each entwined with nine
serpent coils right what does she offering what does Medea have to offer what does this woman
at the well have to offer serpent coiled wreaths yeah
gorgeous to you these serpent limbs which
rebellious tithius wore who caused Joe's Throne to tremble
are we still in Samaria yep we are we're still there
we're with a woman whose people caused the Throne of jove
Jehovah's seat tremble yeah this is lovely it gets real druggy
here watch was it oh in this is the blood
which nessus that traitor ferryman bestowed as he expired with these ashes
the pyre sank down which Drank In The Poisoned blood of Hercules
nasus's blood is poison Hercules blood is poison there's a reason she's the Medusa
six foot six looks like a 12 year old from the before she was born they were
bathing her through her mother in the Venom you know what happens when you do that
you get the Medusa you know yeah people are surprised that that was
a 13 year old girl that I found Cynthia looks like she's the head of an army
yeah yeah you're right you're right
these feathers the harpy left in her trackless Lair when she fled the ZT from ZTS and to these the quills of the
Wounded symphalian bird which felt the darts of Larina we're talking about bows
and drugs you have given forth your voice you altars
wait a minute what's happening she is hearing the voice from the altar
why are we doing this because it's irregular don't worry Moses has that tent in the wilderness where you can sit
there you can take in all those drugs that are coming off of that altar you
can face the snake the serpent on the on the rod and you can have the voice of
God speak from the Oracle guess what Medea is doing is this odds we find this odd
no pandar says that she preserved the Oracle right there's an oracle of Medea
right and who is she speaking to she's speaking to the first Oracle Phoebe
isn't that gorgeous that's gorgeous yeah I see trivius with gliding car
not as when radiant with full face she tries to live long night but is when ghastly with more full aspect Harry by
the Salient threats she skirts the narrow rain and the edge of Heaven
so do you Shed from your torch a Gloomy Light through the air
terrify the peoples with new dread and let precious Corinthian bronzes ReSound
dictator to your Aid she's invoking Brita Martha's ride she's invoking the
poison shutter e okay IRA e okay iro is what the Greeks call her
yeah to you on your altar's bloody Turf we perform your song rights to you a
torch caught up from the midst of a funeral prior his loom in the night to you now get the picture of what she's
doing here here's the right tossing my head and with bended neck I have uttered
my magic words for you lying in funeral facets past fashion
a band binds my flowing logs for you is brandished
the gloomy Branch from the stygian stream now for those of you with ears to hear and for those of you who are just
uh super into people like Virgil you'll understand you'll see the images
and you'll know oh we're in the oracular called Kumai we're taking ourselves to
Kumai why because that's where we go into the underworld right this is the Quantum part
we have to open up that underworld you didn't think Jesus was arrested in
public park with a naked boy you didn't think the woman at the well was a hero
standing up against the gangster right but now you do now you're saying
it I'm you know we got to go deeper we got to go into the abyss itself we're
going to find that place what does she say what is what does Medea say give sting to my poisons ah they were named
loss give that power to move
to my drugs give that power and in my gifts keep hidden the seeds of
Fire seeds of fire are in your poison
what does she start to do
she starts to cut herself she starts to cut herself and remember
these Medusa they carry the poison in their hair they
have it constantly there the Aero poison in this passage Nero points out it's all
about the bow it says Medea the bow it's all grounded in that poison
in that communion and Medea even says after she's around the time that she's
identified as lucifera she talks about her sacred latte Kiss
Her Sacred lanti case what is latex or latex what is that it's
the milky white juice that comes off the Opium poppy
when you cut it now it doesn't have to be just opium
can be any juice any juice excretion
that transfers from the source
to the participant the ionic life
yeah that eye-opening Medea says her blood is that life
is that life she is the Christ
she is the savior more than a thousand years before Jesus ever existed
Jesus Gangsta G knows what he's doing he's been educated in Egypt right he comes
back after they told him the magic I told him they were like this dude's gonna be the king of everything right
right he goes down to Egypt he gets his education he's got his drugs with him
he's got a ton of frankincense and myrrh he's got the very elements that you mix everything else in
Jesus was using drugs so heavily that his
operation of the mystery was a constant unceasing
we're going to look over the next couple of weeks what happens when you're under
the influence of this communion we're going to talk about that thirst
we're going to look into the cult and we're going to see Jesus who by the way got popped in the end he got popped
someone turned on him he got handed over for justice somebody was having a debate with Neil about
Jesus getting handed over Paul says he got handed over pot of did
though me you know that's used for giving somebody to the authorities so that they can find Justice
bring to Justice Jesus got brought to Justice he got brought to Justice in the
in the end he's yelling remember the same guy the same cocky gangster who's
standing there who's standing there with this woman of Samaria who is the gall to
stand in his face when he's a man right says you know who I am that same guy who
said I've got the juice that you will never thirst again that same guy is screaming out from a
cross I'm so thirsty ah
and he's screaming magical phrases yeah Suboxone
the Samaritans that are looking for the Christos which the Jews call Messias
you see how it works you've been looking in the wrong you thought you were looking in the entrance you're looking in the exit
right we got to get back there we gotta get back to those times so over the next
that's our 30 minutes that's all the devil gives me but over the next
couple of Bible studies I want to go to these places so that you can see the
cult and operation you can see this person who enters that
phase who enters the edemon who enters that place where the heavens are opened
is able to transmit and I want you to see what that brings I want you to see
it I want you to realize those seven stars that Jesus holds in his hand
the Seven Stars are the same Seven Stars that Medea uses
to form the cup the cup of the Sacred communion yeah Jesus Christ was high
high on Venoms high on venoms yeah somebody just wrote to me and said
I get this a lot where people say have you said that and I didn't believe you
but now I saw something and now you were right and I'm amazed that you're right
as if I'm some sort of you know constant plotter
of dark deception right no so uh scorpion turns out
scorpion venom is the most expensive Solution on the planet
right it turns out pound for pound it's the most expensive and why is that
well I don't know but I can tell you in Antiquity they were using it they were using it
yeah using it in these weird weird stuff they were doing but it was medical too
yeah they weren't just smoking these things like they did in Pakistan right they were in Antiquity they were
integrating it with the medicine yeah you got to get that body remember the polypharmacy to the shout out to the
uh gentleman uh pharmacologist neuropharmacologists who contacted me
um shout out to you yeah and because you know the art you know what's going on
yeah imagine that the next level of pharmacology right making the patient
the manufacturer of the drug you can give
people things to make them produce the drug that you need to to reach that
ionic yeah persistence they say it makes you live a long time they said she looked
like she was 12 years old and it didn't make sense media right why does she look like she's 12 years old and she leads
the Army why is she the only one who can stand up against the other guys who have
the bow poisons why is she the only one that can stand up against them why is she the master of the purple
all right it's because she's producing it she is producing the communion her
bodily substance is our communion this is 1100 years
before that Gangsta G ever showed up in Samaria to give them to give them a hard time yeah
thank you for coming tonight thank you for coming tonight I hope the microphone is is helping with the audio and
um I'm gonna have a meeting with some people after uh I need a few minutes to
take a break but um for the next couple of sessions that we have I'll be
pushing we're gonna we're gonna increase the speed here we're halfway through right we're approaching the midpoint so
we need to speed we need to pick up our Pace there so that you can feel your productivity is is kicking in yeah thank
you for staying with us tonight thank you for being here hail Satan
together [Music] [Applause] [Music]
maybe I will too just put on different masks and ask the
questions that that Feller might have